miactl - add --auth-name flag and deploy from pipeline example (#1312)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/cli/miactl/30_commands.md

Available flags for the command:

> - `--auth-name`, to tell the _miactl_ the name of the auth to use (discover more on the [dedicated documentation section](#auth))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--auth-name`, to set the name of the authentication to use (discover more on the [dedicated documentation section](#auth))
```

- `--endpoint`, to set the Console endpoint (default is `https://console.cloud.mia-platform.eu`)
- `--certificate-authority`, to provide the path to a custom CA certificate
- `--insecure-skip-tls-verify`, to disallow the check the validity of the certificate of the remote endpoint
- `--company-id`, to set the ID of the desired Company
- `--project-id`, to set the ID of the desired Project
- `--environment`, to set the environment scope for the command

:::warning

> If you are going to use the `miactl` with a _Service Account_, **remember to specify the auth to be used** with the `--auth-name` flag, otherwise the _miactl_ will try to perform a _User Login_ and it probably will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use `miactl` with a _Service Account_, **remember to specify** the  `--auth-name` flag, otherwise _miactl_ will try to perform a _User Login_, opening the browser for authentication the user.
```

Please don't refer to miactl as "the miactl" :)

Also what is the value for the auth-name flag to be used? can you specify where this flag should be taken?

Author: I don't know other places in which you can need the `--auth-name` flag.
I suggest to ask the team 😄
